HACKING.md: adjust again for building the snapd snap (#11124)
snapcore/snapd: HACKING.md

natively with `--destructive-mode` on a Ubuntu 16.04 host).

Note: Currently, snapcraft's default track of 5.x does not support building the 
snapd snap, since the snapd snap uses `build-base: core`. Building with a 
`build-base` of core uses Ubuntu 16.04 as the base operating system (and thus 

> root filesystem) for building and Ubuntu 16.04 is now in Extended Security 

Reviewer: This sentence sounds a bit weird to me but, since Graham is going to edit it later, I didn't think it made sense to nitpick it now

`snap refresh snapd --stable --amend`.

Note: It is also sometimes useful to use snapcraft to build the snapd snap for
other architectures using the `remote-build` feature, however there is currently a
bug in snapcraft around using the `4.x` track and using `remote-build`, where the
Launchpad job created for the remote-build will attempt to use the `latest` track instead
of the `4.x` channel. This was recently fixed in snapcraft in https://github.com/snapcore/snapcraft/pull/3600
which for now requires using the `latest/edge` channel of snapcraft instead of the
`4.x` track which is needed to build the snap locally. However, this fix does 
then introduce a different problem due to one of the tests in the snapd git tree
which currently has circular symlinks in the tree, which due to a regression in
snapcraft is no longer usable with remote-build. Removing these files in the 
snapd git tree is tracked at https://bugs.launchpad.net/snapd/+bug/1948838, but

> in the mean time in order to build remotely with snapcraft, do the following:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
in the meantime in order to build remotely with snapcraft, do the following:
```
